hey love I wanted to come on and give
you guys a final review of the delicious
Peruvian loose white hair that I had
installed it's a follow up basically to
the last video I made go check that out
so you'll have kind of like more detail
of what I had in and everything like
that I stated in the video that I was
getting ready to take the hair out as
you can see I've done so um I typically
don't keep my installs in - owner of the
company recommended that I use the
Moroccan argan oil shampoo it's from the
organics line and it's the blue one this
one here they also have a conditioner as
well as like an intense hydrating mask I
picked up all three and they works good
on the hair but in my opinion the hair
is really low maintenance so I don't
feel like you have to use that brand I
think you could buy any type of shampoo
conditioner and it'll work okay on the
hair because like I said it's really low
maintenance
there's a couple other youtubers that
have done reviews on the hair one is
Lakia star and also um the other one I
think our name is Aisha - pretty or
something to that extent
the Aisha girl when she did her review
she used this one and she had like an
amazing experience with it when I used
it I didn't have the same type of
reaction that she did and then when the
kid did hers she used some other brands
and she said that they worked great but
my experience were again that they
worked okay so what I use typically on
the hair for just moisture because like
I said it before I did color the hair
three times and then I bleached it a few
times after that so I used the winning
only argan oil just every few days just
for moisture or whatever and it works
great I use this on my real hair as well
but after I ran out of the organic
shampoo and conditioner I went to
Sally's and I found that they had this
company the one and only had a line of
shampoo and conditioners as well so I'm
like okay well since this works so good
on the hair let me go ahead and try you
know the other products so I picked
the moisture repair shop shampoo as well
as the hydrating mask conditioner this
is what the shampoo looks like excuse my
missing top but I found at the top that
it came with like you have to squeeze
the bottle so hard to get the shampoo
out the shampoo is thick so it like took
forever to get it out so now I'll just
take the top off and I don't use it with
the top I just take it out like that
but anyhow this one is the moisture
repair shampoo
it's sulfate phosphate paraben free
repairs damaged hair at shine this works
so well on the hair this works so well
on my real hair tube I've switched my
whole natural haircare regimen as well
based off these products because they do
so well when I say that hair loves these
products it really really does it just
brought so much moisture back into the
air conditioner this is what it looks
like this is I want to say like maybe 11
bucks and the shampoo I can't really see
the sticker but I believe that shampoo
is like eight or nine bucks but they
last you a really long time because
they're pretty thick so a little bit
goes a long way but this stuff is just
the bomb um this I actually use this low
today on my natural hair I don't know if
you guys can like see but this is just
air dry and my hair has so much just
body and bounce in it after using these
product color originally when I got the
hair I colored it red I don't know if
you guys can like pick up the color on
here but it's really really red this is
the original color I colored it after
that my second install I bleached it and
it goes from like a dark brown to like a
warm Brown to like a honey blonde and
then it gets really light one at the
tips this is the same hair I was scared
was going to turn like copper but it
didn't it just took color wonderfully it
took the bleach wonderfully so as far as
how the hair takes color I definitely
recommend you to get this hair if you're
someone who is not going to keep it in
the color that it comes
as far as achieving the color I use the
Garnier Fructis line to get this color I
also use the matrix line they have one
caught so red as well I mix them all
together to achieve the original sorry
this looks funny just swinging around
but that's what I use to achieve that
color for the bleach I use the clear
alkali two colors this is the blue one I
mixed this with some 30 volume developer
that I got from Sally's it's just Alana
Karen actually I have it right here so
it's this one here and I left it on
initially for maybe 20 minutes i rinsed
it off didn't really care for the color
so I went ahead the next day and
bleached it again to achieve this color
that I got and it works really well the
hair you can see the end still look
really good didn't get brittle or
anything like that and like I said all I
did was you know put some argan oil in
it every few days and just to keep it
moisturized this is the original curl
pattern it is a little bit limp it's not
as defined as it was when I first
purchased the hair because it's been
just like sitting in the bag this is
like a piece that I never used after I
color and then I had tested the bleach
on this piece as well if you can see but
the original curl pattern is a lot more
defined than this piece here but I mean
it got from this to this just bone
straight to straighten the hair it
doesn't take you to get any like special
mechanics or anything like that
any type of special brushes to pass
through the hair prior to straightening
it
it's strange just like your natural hair
so take the flat iron pass it through
once or twice and it gets like bone
straight so I was really really really
impressed with how straight the hair got
without any type of manipulation because
there's a lot of videos on YouTube where
the people say that oh the hair gets
bone straight and I'm looking at it and
I'm like that hair looks still wavy and
I'm really picky like that if the hair
is gonna get bone straight I want it to
be bone straight I don't want it to be
like a loose wave I wanted to be bone
straight the flat iron that are used on
the hair is when I picked up at Sally's
I can't think of
Braham but it's like the doop - like the
chief flatiron
and that's the one I've been using for
years it works great so you don't need
like a heavy-duty flatiron or anything
like that that when I probably pay like
60 or $70 for I purchased those every
probably two to three years they last me
a really long time but to wrap things up
I would definitely recommend going with
Alicia's hair again I had the Peruvian
loose wave
I had a 14 16 and - 18 the hair curls
beautifully it holds the curl for weeks
at a time it straightens easily as you
can see you can wash it off then I wash
mine at least once a week sometimes
twice because I have really dry scalp
but I'll definitely be reinstalling this
hair probably not until next year just
because fall I like wearing more of a
Albarn hair color and I like the way the
color came out I don't want to color
this hair again because I've done it so
many times so probably next summer
sometime I'll be reinstalling this hair
but Benny does have different textures
she has like Brazilian Malaysian Indian
so go ahead and check her out I'll leave
her information below if you have any
questions feel free to let me know
you